Provide automation (both CloudFormation and Terraform) to create the IAM resources for an AWS Cloud Account (#1350)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/how-to/creating-iam-resources/_index.md

---

> Title: Creating IAM Entities for AWS Cloud Accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: Create IAM entities for AWS cloud accounts
linkTitle: Create IAM entities
```

description:
weight: 30
categories: ["RC"]
---

> In most Redis Cloud deployments, the infrastructure of your Redis Cloud subscriptions on AWS is created in dedicated AWS accounts that we manage for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most Redis Enterprise Cloud Flexible or Annual subscriptions deployed to Amazon Web Services (AWS), we manage the supporting infrastructure for you in dedicated AWS accounts.
```

> In Redis Cloud Ultimate, you can choose to have this infrastructure on your own AWS accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis Enterprise Cloud Annual subscriptions let you manage this infrastructure with your own AWS accounts.
```

> You'll want these accounts to be separate from any AWS application accounts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll want these accounts to be separate from any AWS application accounts
```

> and you'll need to create some dedicated IAM entities to let us manage the infrastructure for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and you'll need to create some dedicated [identity and access management](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html) (IAM) entities to allow us manage the infrastructure for you.
```
